Thomas Crosley
Seattle

crosleythomas@gmail.com
425-736-5700
linkedin.com/in/crosleythomas

Summary
Engineering leader with unique ability to bridge the gap between machine learning, production software, people management, and customer-centric product development.

I have worked in a broad range of settings - academic and industry research labs, two Seattle startups, two FAANG companies, and one high-growth mid-size company.


Experience

Logo for Amazon
Software Development Manager | AWS, Just Walk Out Technology (Amazon Go)
Amazon

Apr 2022 – Mar 2023 (1 yr)

Built and led a team of computer vision software engineers that own the core computer vision algorithms that run Amazon Go, Amazon Fresh, and Just Walk Out Technology.
- Launched first algorithms running on new custom-built edge compute platform
- Led accuracy program for VP-level audience
- Owned multiple computer vision service/algorithm tracks


Logo for Axon
Software Engineering Manager
Axon

Nov 2020 – Apr 2022 (1 yr 6 mos)

Technical leader from Day 1 of a team formed to build a new set of transcription-based services and features across the Axon ecosystem. We built a new product category from nothing into a $XX/year business, powered by one of the largest speech-to-text compute clusters in the world.

My role grew over time from IC to TLM to a Manager over both our transcription products and an adjacent team building features for case management.


Logo for Axon
(Tech Lead) Senior Software Engineer
Axon

Jan 2020 – Nov 2020 (11 mos)


Logo for Axon
Research Engineer
Axon

Oct 2018 – Jan 2020 (1 yr 4 mos)


Logo for Facebook
Research Scientist Intern
Facebook

May 2018 – Aug 2018 (4 mos)

Research Intern in FAIR, the Facebook AI Research lab.
* Developed deep learning models for action recognition in videos on the Epic Kitchens Dataset
* Implemented and trained the models using PyTorch, SLURM job scheduling, and NVIDIA DGX machines
* Preliminary results using prior knowledge of the object being acted upon showed up to 7% absolute error rate reduction in zero-shot evaluation samples


Logo for {:companyName}
AI/ML Software Engineer
Apr 2017 – Jul 2017 (4 mos)

* Developed models, implemented in TensorFlow, running on AWS, and interfacing with RabbitMQ that forecasted time series data in real-time 
* The models were integrated into an end-to-end demo that helped secure the company’s first round of funding


Logo for Amazon Lab126
Software Development Engineer Intern
Amazon Lab126

Jun 2015 – Sep 2015 (4 mos)

I worked with the computer vision algorithms team during the development of the Echo Look device. My project was implementing a system to track metrics of the computer vision algorithms.


Logo for Amazon Lab126
Software Development Engineer Intern
Amazon Lab126

Jun 2014 – Sep 2014 (4 mos)

• Delivered a web-based user-interface backed by a postgreSQL database for an n-tier architecture configuration system.
• Wrote embedded firmware on a microprocessor board to connect to the web server.
• Enhanced an existing web-interface to visualize historical data that had been previously gathered by the system.
• Tied for first place in the Intern Concept Stream for new and innovative ideas.
• Pitched another idea up to the director level within Amazon.


Logo for Ubi Interactive
Software Development Engineering Intern
Ubi Interactive

Jun 2013 – Sep 2013 (4 mos)


Education

Logo for University of Washington
University of Washington
Bachelor of Science (BS), Computer Science


Logo for University of Washington
University of Washington
Master of Science (M.S.), Computer Science


Logo for The University of Texas at Austin
The University of Texas at Austin
Doctor of Philosophy - PhD, Computer Science

I spent one year on my PhD before deciding to go into industry. During my first year I studied problems at the intersection of computer vision and robotics. I was co-advised by Kristen Grauman (computer vision) and Scott Niekum (robotics).


Licenses & certifications
This section is empty and won’t appear in your resume.


Skills
Machine Learning  Kubernetes  DevOps  Software Development  Java  Python  Scala  Helm  Puppet  Cadence

Honors & awards

Logo for College Board
National AP Scholar With Distinction - College Board
Jun 2012